Loading:

Find all new files and all missing files:

1) scan directory and make a list of all filenames (and directories)
2) load list of all filenames from database
3) compare lists and find all new files
4) compare lists and find and report all missing files

For each new file/directory:

1) Convert filename to unicode, skip it and report if it can't be converted to unicode


I was going to append app/NOTES into this file before removing it, but
it didn't contain much that wasn't specific to pre-electron days.

=== Problems with closing down background server processes ===

It seems signals to subprocess spwaned from electon window
(rendering?) processes are not delevered reliably. It appears as if
the process doesn't always hang around long enough to deliver them all
when you have multiple processes to kill like we do. Even if we wrap
all the subprocesses under a single detached subprocess that gets a
single signal and handles shutting down all the mpd and mondod
processes, I'm worried it still won't be 100% reliable.

Sockets are a very reliable way to tell when a process on the other
end has exited and puts the onus on the subprocess instead of the
parent process. If you use a single sub-process that is in chars of
launching all the other sub processes and that process monitors a
socket back to the app, then when the socket closes it can cleanup all
the subprocesses and exit. I think this will make cleaning up the
subprocesses very reliable. I'm hoping it'll work under Windows well
too (Windows has issues with missing process signals, I'm hoping
sockets work better).

For now running `electron .` in the source repo and then pressing
ctrl-c is going to leave the backgroup mpd and mongod processes
running. This has a side advantage of making it quicker to restart the
app during the developemnt cycle (Ott will just reattach itself to the
alreayd running processes instead of spawning new ones, which takes
time).

Use `killall mpd mongod` to cleanup after running `electron .`.

I do wonder if spawing the subprocesses without the 'deatched' option
might help with this (i.e. let the OS deal with it). But a quick
testing of this didn't seem to help. Should dig deepper here.

I still need to test how force quitting apps affects things.
