:known issues:
rename mpd executable?
readme: debugging section?
v readme: cubes are stacked wrong on initial scan page
v strange error 22 on file sockets sometimes on osx (10.7?)
v add section on how to have two user ~/Music dirs
v readme: reload browser if no current song
v readme: sometimes adding a song fixes an empty queue
v readme: quicktime media keys play button hack
v readme: 32-bit mode for fake media keys
v readme: notifications don't work in app, use a notifications capable browser
v mention syslog -C
v readme: an empty queue can sometimes be fixed by adding a song
v readme: sometimes right-click for reload can fix stuff?
v readme: file selection dialog box can be slow to come up on osx, esp. if on network drive?
x bind mpd sockets to localhost to avoid firewall messages (already is)

:stoppers:
test owners in otto.json
v lib search paths broken 
v fix for search broke current selected items
v need waiting indicator on scan button in cubes page
v search doesn't reset active letterbar icon
v hide notifications icon in app until it actually works

:layout:
add hover for notifications and sound fx
make album text in selected thumbnail not be orange?
need better indenting for wrapping long titles, e.g. in album view or search results
stars get pushed down a little when an artist line wraps in starts with view
v orange logo for a splash of color?
v make selections orange
v move username separators left in new albums to match style on search, stars
v inbox on letterbar has extra gap
v stars layout problem when expanding things on stars page
v stars in search expanded artists
v stars in search albums off a bit
v stars in expanded albums (and others?) in all stars view

:bugs:
move zero years to end in all albums view
sometimes mpd hangs on certian songs i think, detect this and kill mpd & remove song from queue
seeking is scaled wrong in TV mode (it's 'doubled'), stars too
volume slider has trouble in TV mode too
searching for 'the' on big collections(?) crashes?
strange state where users isn't fully logged in or something causes stars to crash
sometimes current song doesn't load when attaching with browser
remote play should mute local lineout if it wasn't playing
should we double the resolution of thumbnails for zooming?
channel list should not be completely rebuilt just by listener changes
progress bar not updating when you change channels
app: use output (lineout) status to trigger "listening" on listener list
timeout 'typing' in chat window after a sufficent period
chat window doesn't always autoscroll (might be because of smooth scrolling)
chat captures browser meta keys on some browsers and app (e.g. cmd-q)
what do to about clicking on now playing test
image resizing/caching is way too slow
stuff not loading into various, soundtracks, and unknown correctly
sound effects seem to be stepping on each other, e.g. chat message alert
log scale on volume slider
lineout volume defaults to 100% instead of 80% (or whatever the streaming player defaults to)
queue div maxes out after about 20 tracks?
audio channel options tray should default open for current channel
audio channel options tray needs a different icon (i in circle? gear?)
clicking on channel should switch to listening to it in local (lineout) mode
bug when listener changes name (extraneous 'unknown' listener stays listed until refresh)
grid background messes up on scroll (only in app and only on initial load page!)
for songs missing an image, use first image found in album
is unknown filed in ...? should it be (i can't remember if i did this on purpose)
app seems to have css problems on the second initial load page
don't put a black background behind album images (see shaped picture disc examples e.g. devo)
clear emptydatabase flag earlier in load process (so you can point a browser at it while it's still doing the initial load)?
make TV mode one of the -/+ sizes
remember 1/+ size setting (cookie? or local storage?)
logging out leaves things active on letter bar (and there are prob. other things that need to be reset too)
. need to reprocess stars on login
clicking on album name or artist name in now playing renders .browserresults w/o "otto" logo footer
make "otto" footer only appear when there are .browserresults (and maybe only when they require scrolling down?)
perhaps clicking on 'otto' logo at bottom should shoot to to the top of page?
add "x" to search box to dismiss search results
queue updates need to be split between now playing and queue changes to prevent blinking
click on landscape doesn't reset cubes
otto will think music was loaded on initial load if it finds files but can't actually load them
once saw ouroboros disappear after about 60 seconds on long load (or maybe crash) and it never came back
v /nick in chat should change username
. eventually need to seperate chat nick name from username so people can have a choice
v? leaving stream too sensitive, esp. in channelbar display
v don't random pick 'audiobook' or 'podcast' labeled items
v odd big gap between owner and file in queue
v make expanded albums covers bigger? or at least check them with new /orig image url
v stars for other users don't show in showstars view
v letterbar not being clipped on narrow browser window
v chat output div slightly too wide, long lines make it sideways scrollable
v better formatting of search results
v changing channels is not quite working
v server crashes sometimes when clients reconnect after server restarts (setting focus state etc?)
v app: about box crashes (until assets are cached?)
v app: media keys lockup app on 10.7 (just don't do media keys on 10.7?)
v app: need to get and pass session cookie on Otto.py socket.io connection
v fix zipfile to unpack correctly on mac (don't use the non-compressed setting)
v rounding bug between song.length and what mpd reports as total time (round up instead of down perhaps?)
v make channelbar hover items disappear after a while (so we have a place to park the cursor on the tv)
v stars layout problems in a number of places (expand album view, search results, more...)
v search results has major layout problems
v just use orig sized image instead of 600x600 (and don't generate and store 600x600 images)
x font size off in firefox esp. for chat prompt (not font size i don't think, div off by 1px up?)


:short/missing features:
finish search on composer feature (strings need to not have u[''] in them, make sure you are searching all types not just mp3/m4a)
integrate composer better (make them appear under artists etc.)
save events and chat
+3 random
play album
album shuffle
save queue
scrollback in chat/event window
'load more' in inbox
better imageless album text (autosize, v space between title & artist)
directory browser
toggle for browsing various
give various only entries a different look (smaller?)
automatically supress crossfade when two tracks are sequential in an album
need more controls
.auto pause
.crossfade (none/auto, 5s/10s) (auto enables adjacent track crossfade supression, and is the default)
.auto levels
.fx only from other people
more info in album view (v including directory)
action pending cues on or over the buttons themselves
create browsing content in chunks for speed
animate eyes in otto logo
drag & drop to manipulate queue order
click on stuff in queue and in search results for songs
browser should remember settings (chat window, playing? auto-playing?, sound effects, vol) cookie? local storage?
edit menu missing
.cmd-a in text fields
.cmd-f for find
press key to go to albums section starting with that letter?
add 'scan' to newest albums screen
command to call someone into chat room?
announce chat entry and leavings in notifications/sfx?
v show album directory
x save load timestamps (extraced it from the _id)
v use load time to denote load sessions
x move db code out of dbserver.py into coffeescript
x scrolling content cues


:ui issues:
put year spearators in all albums view
rework channelbar interaction:
. current channel should be expanded
. clicking on channel name should switch to that channel even locally
fix upper panels in place? click on otto to scroll to top?
medium.com style top bar on scrollup?
? checkbox for now playing background color (or better ui element. switch?)
guide / faq / instructions / help
song changes too late due to 10s crossfade, anticipate crossfade (when enabled) and change before mpd reports it
pulldown and autocomplete for login
v theme song
v panel resizing needs a better mechanism and an affordance

:non-trivial issues:
can't play songs with " in filename
what do do with wav files
windows


:new features:
filters for browsing and channels
better album arrangement (non-varous first, sorted by date then title)
better lists, favorites, ratings (stars?), tagging, problem tracks
checkbox for artists
search hints and compleation
chat "/" commands
commands in search box too
ipad layout
iphone layout
rsync app
detect and collapse duplicates
edits and corrections
way to indicated an artist should be filed under last name
command line interface
show all cover images and artwork in album view
v integrate loader w/active feedback
v fullscreen mode
v standalone app w/menu bar icon for osx (ref. couchdb app)
